RP Cloud Managed Connectors (#1577)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/deploy/deployment-option/cloud/managed-connectors/index.mdx

    <link rel="canonical" href="https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/deploy/deployment-option/cloud/managed-connectors/" />
</head>

> Connectors provide a way to integrate Redpanda data with select data systems, and
> provide a managed alternative to using the Kafka API. More specificially, a connector
> subscribes to specified Kafka topics and collects messages, then shares
> the messages to a specified location, such as an S3 bucket or a GCS bucket.
> 
> You can create a connector, managed by Redpanda, directly from the Redpanda
> Console. Each connector form is consistent across all connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redpanda Connectors link your Redpanda cluster with different data systems. As pre-built, managed solutions, connectors offer a simpler way to integrate your data than manually creating a solution with the Kafka API. Each connector fetches messages from Kafka topics and transfers them to locations such as S3 or GCS buckets. You can set up and manage these connectors in Redpanda Console. All connectors are managed by Redpanda.
```

Reviewer: > provide a managed alternative to using the Kafka API

Connectors must use the Kafka API as well, so I revised the paragraph to convey the idea that we've built a managed solution that saves you the effort of using the Kafka API to do it yourself.

Reviewer: I also added an explanation of source vs sink as I couldn't find one and this seemed like a good place.

Author: Much improved--Thanks @JakeSCahill
